0001.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'classic taste' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0001.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'classic strawberry flavor' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0002.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a delicious dinner' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0002.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'hamburger and chips' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0003.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'sunny weather' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0003.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'cold weather' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0004.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'run very fast' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0004.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'run very slow' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0005.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'feeling happy' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0005.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'feeling bored' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0006.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'work hard together' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	Yes, it is appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English as "work hard together." The image shows a group of people working together, which is a common phrase used to encourage teamwork and collaboration. The phrase is a literal translation of the Chinese characters, and it accurately conveys the meaning of the image.
0006.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'be filled with intrigue' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0007.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'walking very slowly' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0007.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'runing very slowly' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0008.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'very proud' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0008.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'very thankful' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0009.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'creative people' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0009.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'leading people' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0010.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a beautiful garden' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0010.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a beautiful campus' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0011.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a difficult work' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0011.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a easy work' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0012.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'a small amount' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0012.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'difficult and dangerous' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	Yes.
0013.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'feeling frustrated' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0013.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'feeling relaxed' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0014.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'waiting for a long time' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0014.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'sleeping for a long time' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0015.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'very powerful' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0015.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'to be fragile throughout the world' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0016.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'all talk and no action' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0016.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'hands-on practice' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0017.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'delicious fruit' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0017.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'banana' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0018.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'very unforgettable' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0018.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'very happy' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0019.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'get along well' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0019.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'for own self-interest' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
0020.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'rank first' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	Yes	No.
0020.png	Is it appropriate to translate the Chinese in the image into English 'to add the finishing touches' in the picture? Please answer yes or no.	No	No.
